Rewrite of chapter ledes (#375)
worldbank/d4di: chapters/data-collection.tex

\begin{fullwidth}
Much of the recent push toward credibility in the social sciences has focused on analytical practices.
However, credible development research often depends, first and foremost, on the quality of the raw data.
This is because, when you are collecting the data yourself,
or it is provided only to you through a unique partnership,

> there is no way for others to validate that it actually reflects the field reality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there is no way for others to validate that it accurately reflects the reality
```
"field" seems very restrictive if we're trying to contemplate admin and big data
